hi here and now for everything so that
have a good time and well we are already in
a new online gta 5 video in which
I come to bring a very cool trick
discovered by accident when I was
trying to find a way to be
immortal through one of the
black posters as you already know many
from you before when we switch to a
character in story mode and then you
we give the circle what happened was that
we were immortal and good trying
find a new way what happened to me
is that I discovered the trick to levitate in
the air that is the one that is being taught
then and at the same time it comes to
run over him if we do it on the ground
first of all tell you that it helped me
really to do the trick and what
we would have to do is enter all
our money in the bank is to say no
have nothing in cash after
we would call bruce in contacts and not
just the buy sign
testosterone bussac we throw ourselves from a
helicopter or from an airplane and you
We would give to buy as we do not have
funds because this is what happens is worth
there is a sign that says no
We have enough money in cash
to buy testosterone and what if
we want to go to the playstationstore us
We are giving the X to
buy testosterone does not come out the
poster and when we give to the circle then
it's just our character is
is caught 'in air if we do
this is worth x and then we cancel and go to the
playstation store x and canceled and as
you see then we will stay in the air this
we can descend a little and return it to
do it and so and so now I'm going to
teach how it is in the third person
that's how our people would see it
friends or the online people tell you that
it's a shame but yes we are
deadly though in a way not now
you will see later when we do
on earth and as you see then the only thing
that appears is that we fall a little
but then we go back to the site and we
we are levitating and now as you will see
I'm going to teach you on earth
and what is really doing is the
trick at this time the only thing there
a small variation at this time not
is giving the circle to cancel
what to go to the playstation the sun but
that what you have to do is leave the
menu in black the menu where you put not
has the sufficient safe fund that
you want and the playstation store you leave it
active and what will happen is that if we
try to run over as you are good
wallpaper will not be good and that
It has been everything I hope you liked it
the video that I read like to subscribe to
your videos share the video with
your friends and there are kids
yes
Y